BZ2018364: Re-defining steps and modify/add yaml file examples (#39246)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cnf-provisioning-real-time-and-low-latency-workloads.adoc

== Provisioning a worker with real-time capabilities

. Install Performance Addon Operator to the cluster.

. Optional: Add a node to the {product-title} cluster.
See link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux_for_real_time/8/html-single/tuning_guide/index#Setting_BIOS_parameters[Setting BIOS parameters].

> . Add a label `worker-rt` to the worker nodes that require the real-time capability using the `oc` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add the label `worker-rt` to the worker nodes that require the real-time capability using the `oc` command.
```

Reviewer: "using" here is ambiguous. "by using"?

. Create a new machine config pool for real-time nodes:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: machineconfiguration.openshift.io/v1
kind: MachineConfigPool
metadata:
  name: worker-rt
  labels:
    machineconfiguration.openshift.io/role: worker-rt
spec:
  machineConfigSelector:
    matchExpressions:
      - {
           key: machineconfiguration.openshift.io/role,
           operator: In,
           values: [worker, worker-rt],
        }
  paused: false
  nodeSelector:
    matchLabels:
      node-role.kubernetes.io/worker-rt: ""
----
Note that a machine config pool worker-rt is created for group of nodes that have the label `worker-rt`.

> . Add the node to the proper machine config pool, using node role labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add the node to the proper machine config pool by using node role labels.
```

+

> You must decide which nodes will be configured with real-time workloads. It could be all of the nodes in the cluster or a subset of the nodes. The Performance Addon Operator expects all of the nodes are part of a dedicated machine config pool. If you use all of the nodes, you just point the Performance Addon Operator to the worker node role label. If you use a subset, you must group the nodes into a new machine config pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must decide which nodes are configured with real-time workloads. You could configure all of the nodes in the cluster, or a subset of the nodes. The Performance Addon Operator expects that all of the nodes are part of a dedicated machine config pool. If you use all of the nodes, you just point the Performance Addon Operator to the worker node role label. If you use a subset, you must group the nodes into a new machine config pool.
```

Reviewer: Should this be a note?

Author: @maxwelldb this content was already there as part of step 5, but yes imo I can make it a note

Reviewer: Your call! If it's not in scope, maybe put a pin in it.

Author: I will keep it as a note , as this looks like useful info for the user.

> . Create the `PerformanceProfile` with the proper set of housekeeping cores and `realTimeKernel: enabled: true`.

Reviewer: Should I know what is proper in this case?

Reviewer: > and `realTimeKernel: enabled: true`.

This should be expanded, e.g. "and the`realTimeKernel` resource's `enabled` property set to `true`."

Author: Should I know what is proper in this case>> I am not sure as this is existing content..

> . You can set `machineConfigPoolSelector` in `PerformanceProfile`:

Reviewer: Should I? Step seems ambiguous.

Author: Please clarify? I am telling the user to set the key (machineConfigPoolSelector) and value.

Reviewer: The "can" there makes it seem like it's optional or an FYI.

Author: Ok I will modify this to must, as it is not optional.

== Provisioning a worker with real-time capabilities

. Install Performance Addon Operator to the cluster.

. Optional: Add a node to the {product-title} cluster.
See link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux_for_real_time/8/html-single/tuning_guide/index#Setting_BIOS_parameters[Setting BIOS parameters].

. Add the label `worker-rt` to the worker nodes that require the real-time capability by using the `oc` command.

. Create a new machine config pool for real-time nodes:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: machineconfiguration.openshift.io/v1
kind: MachineConfigPool
metadata:
  name: worker-rt
  labels:
    machineconfiguration.openshift.io/role: worker-rt
spec:
  machineConfigSelector:
    matchExpressions:
      - {
           key: machineconfiguration.openshift.io/role,
           operator: In,
           values: [worker, worker-rt],
        }
  paused: false
  nodeSelector:
    matchLabels:
      node-role.kubernetes.io/worker-rt: ""
----
Note that a machine config pool worker-rt is created for group of nodes that have the label `worker-rt`.

. Add the node to the proper machine config pool by using node role labels.
+
[NOTE]
====

> You must decide which nodes are configured with real-time workloads. You could configure all of the nodes in the cluster, or a subset of the nodes. The Performance Addon Operator that expects all of the nodes are part of a dedicated machine config pool. If you use all of the nodes, you just point the Performance Addon Operator to the worker node role label. If you use a subset, you must group the nodes into a new machine config pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must decide which nodes are configured with real-time workloads. You could configure all of the nodes in the cluster, or a subset of the nodes. 

The Performance Addon Operator expects that all of the nodes are part of a dedicated machine config pool. If you use all of the nodes, point the Performance Addon Operator to the worker node role label. If you use a subset, you must group the nodes into a new machine config pool.
```

Not sure if there are better words/phrases for "expects" and "points."

Author: expects >> I see that we use it in our docs e.g. The Operator expects this mapping file in a predefined location a.....
points>> we use that as well e.g   you can point to a custom tailoring file. >> here I can phrase it as `you can point the Performance.....`

Author: no wait , its not optional , you must is more apt here

. Install Performance Addon Operator to the cluster.
. Optional: Add a node to the {product-title} cluster.
See link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux_for_real_time/8/html-single/tuning_guide/index#Setting_BIOS_parameters[Setting BIOS parameters].
. Create a new machine config pool for real-time nodes:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: machineconfiguration.openshift.io/v1
kind: MachineConfigPool
metadata:
  name: worker-cnf
  labels:

>     machineconfiguration.openshift.io/role: worker-cnf

Reviewer 2: Change this to "machineconfiguration.openshift.io/role: worker-rt" Since Performance profile is using worker-rt as the label for worker nodes.

spec:
  machineConfigSelector:
    matchExpressions:
      - {
           key: machineconfiguration.openshift.io/role,
           operator: In,

>            values: [worker, worker-cnf],

Reviewer 2: as above, use worker-rt (instead of worker-cnf) or we use worker-cnf in all places.

        }
  paused: false
  nodeSelector:
    matchLabels:
      node-role.kubernetes.io/worker-cnf: ""
----

. Add the node to the proper machine config pool, using node role labels.
+
You must decide which nodes will be configured with real-time workloads. It could be all of the nodes in the cluster or a subset of the nodes. The Performance Addon Operator expects all of the nodes are part of a dedicated machine config pool. If you use all of the nodes, you just point the Performance Addon Operator to the worker node role label. If you use a subset, you must group the nodes into a new machine config pool.

. Create the `PerformanceProfile` with the proper set of housekeeping cores and `realTimeKernel: enabled: true`.

. You can set `machineConfigPoolSelector` in `PerformanceProfile`:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: performance.openshift.io/v2
kind: PerformanceProfile
metadata:
  name: performance
spec:
  cpu:
    isolated: 1,3-39,41,43-79
    reserved: 0,2,40,42
  machineConfigPoolSelector:
    machineconfiguration.openshift.io/role: worker-rt
  nodeSelector:
    node-role.kubernetes.io/worker-rt: ""
  numa:
    topologyPolicy: restricted
  realTimeKernel:
    enabled: true

> ----

Reviewer 2: Lets use the same performance profile in the existing documentation and make few changes:

```
apiVersion: performance.openshift.io/v2
kind: PerformanceProfile
metadata:
 name: example-performanceprofile
spec:
...
  realTimeKernel:
    enabled: true
  nodeSelector:
     node-role.kubernetes.io/worker-rt: ""
  machineConfigPoolSelector:
     machineconfiguration.openshift.io/role: worker-rt
```
